Alphavision Story Outline Player Character (Unnamed) - Goal: Go on the date with Mary and have her approve of and validate him. - Traits: Strong listener, dependable, somewhat silly. Mary - Goal: Enjoy her date, but also ascertain whether or not MC is a good man or not by asking pointed questions and gauging his responses. - Traits: Intelligent, perceptive, firm backbone. Mary is a graduate paleobiology student who works part-time as a bartender. She is a hard working woman in a male-dominated field, making her resilient against judgement and confident in her own abilities. She loves outdoor adventures, thoughtful conversations, and dinosaurs. Alpha Coach - Goal: Guide MC on the date in a manner fitting for an "Alpha", which involves establishing power dynamics and control. - Alpha coach is largely unconcerned with whether or not MC actually succeeds in wooing Mary, more so wanting to indoctrinate him into the redpill/manosphere philosophy by reinforcing the idea that any perceived disappointment from the date is not our main character's fault. - Alpha coach responds very positively to the player aligning their choices with the Alpha coach's advice, telling him he has potential as an alpha and telling him that Mary is a vapid whore if she leaves, attempting to pull him further in. - Alpha coach responds very negatively to the player refusing the Alpha coach's advice, with escalating results. If at the end of the game, Story: 1. Before arriving to the date, MC is close to panicking, and sets up his Alphavision glasses. On startup, MC is introduced to the Alpha coach, who reassures MC that with Alphavision, he has nothing to worry about. This gives MC the confidence to enter the restaurant. 2. MC finds Mary already sitting at the table. They begin talking, with the Alpha coach listening in via microphone. During this time, the Alpha Coach provides some guidance via the feedback panel, nudging MC towards more 'Alpha' responses, which are domineering and a little mean. There are 5 significant decisions, and after the fifth, the game moves onto the final scenario. 3. After the fifth significant decision, Mary discovers that the Alphavision glasses are equipped with a camera and microphone. She rightfully calls this out as a little creepy. Based on the player's dialogue choices in scenario 2, Mary either: A) BAD ENDING: Abruptly ends the date, citing unfinished homework. Before doing so, she expresses disappointment at how the date went, and at MC's behavior, and tells him she hopes he is rid of them by the next time they work, lest she report him to their manager. B) GOOD ENDING: Mary asks MC if he really needs some loser to guide him through this date. Mary tells him that even though the glasses are weird, she's willing to overlook them if he takes them off right now. - If the player does: Mary smiles, tells MC he made the right choice. - If the player doesn't: Mary looks disappointed, and leaves the date, citing her discomfort with the glasses, tells him that she was having a good time, but is no longer sure what parts were really him, and what parts were his 'alpha' persona.