Behavior Overhaul:

Hikikomori's progression is dependent on the player spending Hiki's time completing behaviors. These appear in game as icons near parts of Hiki's house, such as his desk, kitchen, and bathroom. These visually look like flat UI elements that stay the same size no matter where the camera moves. I think the way to do this is to create a 3D gameObject and place it somewhere in the scene. If on screen, the UI element appears, but disappears when the 3D gameObject is off the camera screen.

When the player clicks one of these, the camera zooms in to that object from its room position. From there, 1-4 behaviorPanel will appear. These show the name of the behavior, a short description, and a short description of cost. Behaviors can cost time, cash, spoons, some combination of those, or nothing. When a behavior is clicked, one of two things happen:

Situation 1: One-shot: a progress meter fills up quickly (variable based on time cost if applicable), the relevant resources are subtracted, and a thought plays in automatic mode. This should be quick, allowing players to get back to making choices if they want.

Situation 2: Scene: A thought plays, this time in interactive mode, meaning the player is now in a turn-based dialogue with their inner family. These scenes contain choices the player can make which will influence their resources and the course of the game's story. Once the dialogue is finished, the relevant resources are subtracted, and play resumes as normal.

Ideas:
- When hovering a behavior, clock shows how much time will pass if selected like 2:00 PM --> 2:45 PM

TODO:
- Super friggin tired right now. When you get back, fix the fact that the BehaviorAnchor image is not rendering in the UI, but in worldspace. Also, the RawImage_GameViewport is preventing the collider2D from working, so we gotta figure it out. Seepy

Also, I think we are moving in the wrong direction. In citizen sleeper, the icons that you can select to view choices are tied to a vector3 world position on the space station. The icons are rendered on the UI, and have their positions on the screen tied to the vector3 position on the space station. These should be buttons the player can press, essentially, to zoom into the choice screen for that area. For example, the PC, the phone on the desk, a stack of books, these are all meshes in the scene, but they are also the positions where the BehaviorAnchors are, and that means wherever they are on screen when zoomed out, an icon for those behaviors is layered on top that the player can click to zoom into those things and select a choice. Does this make sense??????

