Lets move on. The next thing we need is to finish the interactive mode dialogue. Reminder of our sketch: 
Compared to random thoughts (automatic mode), Internal Dialogue is more like the basic dialogue presenter, but using the visuals of the ThoughtBubbleView. I think text should appear in bubbles like before but instead of fading away, they stack at the top until the box is nearly full of them, and then they scroll up as new ones are loaded or as the player selects dialogue options a la Disco Elysium's dialogue interface. This should resemble a text message between the player and another character, so the bubbles from that character should be slightly shifted left (via offset variable) and the player's shifted to the right (via offset variable). This system needs support for options, which will appear as buttons. Right now, this is the biggest thing to do next, so I don't want a lot of stress. I can paste my current ThoughtBubbleView script and so you can see what that looks like.

As you can see, we already have Interactive as a setting. The way this will work is that if a thought is triggered with a mode of interactive, it starts an internal dialogue. This internal dialogue shouldn't need the float lifetime or rise distance, since the idea is that their bubbles float to the top and then start stacking and scrolling like a text message chain. However, the speakerKey element needs to determine the text color of just the other family member/part being spoken to, where as the player's dialogue will be represented via dark grey bubbles with white text. Can we have these colors switch by reading from Yarn's script and the speaker parameter for each line? 

Answer this whole thing without code, but include a rough plan as to how we are going to expand the interactive system. Right now, when I use my debug command Alpha8, I can spawn a bubble that, if I click on it or press SPACE, I get three dialogue option buttons, each with the line from the yarn script, so that stuff works! The problem is 1: it looks bad because they are just layered over the text box and 2: the thoughtBubbles spawn at the bottom of the thoughtBubblePanel and don't float upwards.