There were drunken cheers and crooked whispers alike on the day that Androticus exploded.

On a bright afternoon with beautiful marshmallow clouds in the sky, sometime around 4:04PM, Androticus was swallowed in a dome of bright light that lingered for only a moment, then disappeared, taking the city and its inhabitants with it. In its place remained a dusty crater and an ashy mist floating where once stood painted castle walls and skyscraping wizard towers. On that day, the continent of Tiena surpassed a threshold, a stark "before" and "after".

In the "before" times, Androticus was a gleaming bastion of diversity and camaraderie. Its construction started some four centuries ago, helmed by a small team of people from across Tiena's vast and dangerous landscape. They shared a simple goal: to create an oasis where people could be free to live how they please with the security of a well-resourced shelter and the comfort of their neighbors. 

Androticus's upbringing was not without friction, as some factions weaseled their way into angles of power during the city's starting years. However, the people's faith in one another and in the project prevailed, leading to generations of prosperity. As the city grew, its resources blazed ahead, a testament to the strength of its citizens. 

Success stories are rare on the perilous continent of Tiena, and so ambassadors and leaders of other nations would travel far and wide just to see the city for themselves. This is why the blast was a big deal. Many important political figures were wiped out on that fateful day, sending many other nations into disarray as they attempted to fill their power vacuums.

Thieving Cooks

Built on the outside of the city of Androticus, Thieving Cook was built by Bridge's father, Papa Magpie. Magpie was a famous thief who made a name for himself in many countries, never staying in one place too long. However, reaching Androticus, he was stunned by the prosperity and realized he no longer needed to steal. 

He decided to open a shop near crossroads leading to Androticus, inspired by a traveling sausage merchant who recommended he venture there to see it. Magpie worked with an old 'friend' (acquaintance who owed a favor) to construct the initial shack. From there, Magpie sold his old stolen trinkets, sometimes back to their original owners. He used this money to eventually open a restaurant with his wife, who showed him the communal eating style of her family. 

Gameplay Implication
The player is responsible for maintaining the restaurant in this scarce period. 

Ordinary
Customers pay a flat rate to eat (decided by the player, some customers will refuse service like Moonlighter)
Everyone at a big long table, merchants, travelers, thieves, soldiers, mages, etc. All hanging out together.
The player decides the menu, rate, and manages the service to ensure good tips and reputation.

As the story progresses, Thieving Cooks can lower prices and become truly communal again, or can even start implementing tiered tables to extract more from wealthier customers, potentially becoming an a la carte restaurant.

Other Factions
Mude Empire - Emperor sent brother, seemingly upset about his death, in reality is terrified that he almost died and lost everything, now paranoid and frantically wants to solve the mystery.

