Saif Babar - Subnautica
Goal: Non-violent underwater exploration motivated by curiosity
Features: Unique biomes, scanning knowledge, alien behaviors.
Influence: Raft
Typos
99

Peter Clyburn - Papers, Please
Goal: Narrative about complicity
Features: Core loop, game-feel, moral choices
Influence: No, I'm not Human
Typos 
98

Chloe Fore - Undertale
Goal: Make something fresh and unique
Features: Soundtrack, Characters, Different routes
Influence: OFF
100

Breietta Greenwood - Sims 4
Goal: More natural than other games
Features: Personality traits, Moodlets, Buff
- Sims 4 is not the first appearance of personality traits in Sims, though it is the most advanced out of the four games
Influence: Echoes of Plum Grove
100

Behrouz Ghodsi - Batman: Arkham City
Goal: 'Feel like Batman' 
Features: Freeflow combat, Gadgets, Stealth system
Influence: Spider-Man
Missing direct quote or secondary source to support Spider-Man being influenced by the Batman games.

Jayden House - XCOM 2
Goal: More aggressive and high-stakes
Features: turn-based combat, procedural design, strategic layer
Influence: Phoenix Point, Gears Tactics, Warhammer 40K
Despite listing several games potentially inspired by XCOM 2, you fail to supply a direct quote from one of the games' developers or a secondary source to support the claim that they are inspired by XCOM 2

Edgar Fausto - Ready or Not
Goal: Slow-paced game, rules of engagement, simulate SWAT
Features: Same as above for some reason
Influence: SWAT/Police Quest series
90

Malik Danab - Slay the Spire
Goal: Information transparency, fair but punishing gameplay
Features: Intent system, Map, Keyword architecture
Influence: Magic: The Gathering
100

Santiago Islas Sanchez - Pseudoregalia
Goal: 
Features: 
Influence: 

Charlie Ixel - DDLC
Goal: Interactive faction coolness
Features: Anime trojan horse, psycholdogical dread, meta-fictional tech stuff
Influence: ???
90

Ana Jiminez - Frostpunk
Goal: Morality of survival
Features: Tech tree, Sound design, Hope/Discontent
Influence: Ixion 
100

Maite Lopez - Resident Evil 4
Goal: Fun game, not necessarily Resident Evil
Features: 3rd person, Combat, action system + level design
Influence: Dead Space
typos
99

KeLi Lumampao - Fortnite
Goal:  
Features: 
Influence: 
Title
This essay doesn't adhere closely to the rubric and is scattered between analyzing developer intent, retelling history, and personal experience. 

Developer Intent: 15/20

Your developer intent is not clearly stated in one thesis, but is instead scattered across multiple paragraphs and sentences. The best I could infer is that the intent you are arguing is that Epic Games wanted to create an accessibly battle royale with survival mecahnics.

Supporting Features: 40/45

You describe many more than three features that support your scattered developer intent in this paper. I believe the main three are Fortnite's cross-platform accessibility, resrouce gathering/building systems, and either the game's free to play model or its stylized aesthetic (I cannot tell which is meant to be one of your supporting features). 

Influence Section: 15/15

This is the strongest element of the paper, as you bring up games that influenced and were influenced by Fortnite in the form of PUBG and Call of Duty. 

Citations: 10/10

You have five out of the required four citations that are all relevant to this paper. Good work.



























