Paper Three Grading Notes

Chema Alanis - Player Choice in VNs
Games: Katawa Shoujo, DDLC, Slay the Princess
100 - Excellent

Miguel Alarcon - Weapon Choice
Games: Dishonored, Monster Hunter: World, Lies of P
100

Simon An - Cooking
Games: Cooking Mama, Overcooked, Dave the Diver
-2 There are some typos
-1 Italicize game titles
-4 Missing citations
Good first paragraph
Sweet second paragraph
94 awesome job!

Antonio Andrade - Parkour
Games: Mirrors Edge, AC:Unity, Dying Light
-6 Missing citations
-2 too much explanation

Evelyn Aviles - Character Customization
Games: The Sims 2, Red Dead Redemption 2, Baldur's Gate 3
Great
95

Saif Babar - Juggling
Games: Dragon Ball fighter Z, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Tekken 8
-1 typos
-2 Citation formatting inconsistent
-3 Games are only 6 years apart, with two appearing in the same year
Also, these are different types of fighting games
At one point, I can see you split a quote with ",". The correct way to use two sections of the same source without having to split the quotation is [...]
90

Raquel Baca - Fishing Mechanics
Games: Minecraft, Stardew Valley, Animal Crossing
100

Camden Baldwin - Menu-based combat
Games: Pokémon Y, Omori, Deltarune
- I'm just not getting a lot of what makes turn-based combat with menus fun, or how the menus themselves contribute to the fun.

Margaret Barajas - Psychosis
Games: Outlast Trials, Batman Arkham Asylum, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3
- Already weird topic choice and questionable use of a mental health term

Karson Baraka - Super Meter (2D fighters)
Games: Tekken 6, Dragon Ball Fighter Z, Street Fighter 6
-3 Confusing typos and grammar issues
-1 Poor explanation of why super meters are fun
-10 First example does not have a super meter
85

Daniel Blank - Crafting
Games: Minecraft, Vintage Story, Satisfactory
Excellent flow and progression
85
-10 late

Antania Boston - Combos
93
We did this one with Evans

Emily Broyles - Running Restaurants
98
Games: Cake Mania, Overcooked, Plate Up!

Seth Bunton - Hiding in non-stealth games
Games: Assassin's Creed, Alien Isolation The Last of Us Part II
99
Missing italics

Michelle Campoy - Team-up mechanics
Games: Mario and Luigi: Partners in Time, Fire Emblem Awakening, Persona 5 Royal
95
The second unit acts more as a support, providing follow-up team attacks. The supporter unit also guaranteed experience points, which could leave the supporter teammate vastly underleveled compared to the frontrunning unit.
nice!

Ollie Carson - 4th wall breaks
Games: Stanley Parable, Undertale, DDLC

Jason Castro - Attribute System
Games: Fallout: New Vegas, Dark Souls III, Baldur's Gate 3
Overall Quality: 95-100
AI RISK. ALL THREE CITATIONS SEEM TO BE HALUCINATIONS
ZERO In-text citations

Nurin Chanthai - Spot the Difference
Games: Papers, Please, I'm on Observation Duty, Exit 8
95
Italicize all game titles

Milana Chhean - Item-driven stat progression
Games: Toram Online, Monthly Idol, Lawmage Academy
AI RISK. THIS IS PASTED INTO THE PAPER'S THIRD PARAGRAPH AND TOKENPEDIA LEADS TO NOTHING?
ffect “album sales, streaming counts, and video views”. (Tokenpedia 2).
Players see their “numbers climb satisfyingly fast” and receive catharsis watching their idols “transform
into chart-toppers” (Tokenpedia 2).
90
Games are 8-year span

Peter Clyburn - Relentless Pursuers
Games: Resident Evil 3: Nemesis, Silent Hill 2, Alien: Isolation
100
-1 Reddit is not a reliable source. It is tertiary.

Sammie Dawson - Archery + Environment Interaction
Games: Minecraft, Fortnite, LoZ: Tears of the Kingdom

Barebones fun explanation. No mention of the fantasy of archery.
Descriptions of Minecraft arrow uses far outweigh analysis of fun.
Same with Fortnite
Repeatedly misspells Fortnite
You chose a fun and niche topic for this paper. Unfortunately, your analysis of why archery impacting the environment is fun was very bare-bones, as 'encourages strategy and awareness of the in-game environment' can be said about many mechanics.
Consider that your chosen mechanic is actually the marriage of two different mechanics, those being archery and environmental manipulation. You didn't establish why archery is such a common and popular mechanic in games (i.e. the aiming, the fantasy, etc.), and you also didn't establish why the ability to manipulate the environment is fun. 
Your examples are well-chosen and spaced out in terms of release date, but there is much more time spent explaining all the different ways arrows can be used in them than there is time spent analyzing why it is fun. 
Final criticism: At multiple points in this essay, you mispell Fortnite as Fortnight. 
Your overall argument is sound and I enjoyed seeing such a niche topic highlighted. 
85

Christian Santiago - Taming Mechanics
Games: Minecraft, Far Cry Primal, ARK: Survival Ascended
98
Citation note: Why is Ubisoft cited after the description of the taming mechanic in Far Cry Primal?

D'Lee Dillard - Item collection
Games: Minecraft, Skyrim, Zelda
90
Definition and fun-explanation of item collection is too brief. Can mean a lot of different things.
Missing a citation, only 5/6

Isaak Dispensa - Laser Puzzles
Games: Portal 2, Archaica: The Path of Light, The Talos Principle 2
100
Questionable citation GamePressure?

Edgar Fausto - Wanted
Games: Just Cause 2, Red Dead Redemption 2, Cyberpunk 2077
100

Jude Favrot - Power-Ups
Games: Halo, CoD: Zombies, Fortnite
87
Definition of power ups explains the utility of the mechanic for the player, but doesn't really explain how these are fun. 
Halo section assumes CTF without specifying that.
Third example doesn't describe a power-up

Kristen Fazzini - Skill Trees
Games: Borderlands
50?
Well-done for what is here.
Italicize game titles

Chloe Fore - Hunting Bosses
Games: Ao Oni, Persona 5, Fear and Hunger
98
Despite charting a clear progression of the mechanic, the conclusion fails to spell out this evolution.

Joshua Forssell - Playable Characters
Games: Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga, the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, SSBU
85
Star Wars section could use expansion. Big missing thing: Its fun to play as any of the characters in beloved Star Wars
Your comparison of Binding of Isaac to Lego Star Wars is inaccurate, as Lego Star Wars characters have widely different abilities and mechanics. In my opinion, Lego Star Wars characters are more varied.

Breanna Frost - Base Upgrading through NPCs
Games: Mass Effect 2, Slime Rancher, Cult of the Lamb
84
I don't like this one
ME2 + Slime Rancher = CotL

Ella Gaupp - Gacha Gearing Systems
Games: Summoners War: Sky Arena, Genshin Impact, Wuthering Waves
97
Strong Intro
Only 5 citations

Behrouz Ghodsi - Player Choice
Games: Star Wars KotOR, Fallout 3, The Witcher 3
97
Excellent paper, but three of the Works Cited citations do not appear as in-text citations, parentheticals, or quotations.
ASK MONICA EVANS

Chloe Gore - Little Monsters
Games: Final Fantasy XII, Terraria, Devil May Cry 5

Breietta Greenwood - Building Structures
Games: Minecraft, The Sims 4, Animal Crossing: New Horizons
98
CLEAR DEFINITION
Italicize all game titles.

Martin Hoang - Disguise
Games: MGS3, Fallout: NV, Hitman
100

Jason Hollander - Levolution (Dynamic Destruction)
Games: Red Faction, BF4, Deep Rock Galactic
84
Your parenthetical citation (Valve) needs to come before the final punctuation mark in the sentence that contains content paraphrased/quoted from your source.
Citations sometimes appear with no introduction or context.
All your games are missing citations in this paper.

Jayden House - Stealth Mechanics
Games: MGS, Assassin's Creed, Last of Us Part II (outside 20 year range)
93
The range of games spans 22 years, which is outside this paper's scope requirements.
'Simple and dumb' is not a professional-level analysis

Ana Jiminez - Hacking mini games
Games: Bioshock, Watch_Dogs, Nier: Autamata
40
INCOMPLETE

Antonio Killebrew - Hacking
Games: Fallout 3, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, Cyberpunk 2077
98
Intro lacks fun-explanation

Luisa Lara - Drowning
Games: Sonic the Hedgehog, Tomb Raider, Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex




















Avery Lovett - Cooking in games