**Chema Victor Alanis - The Legend of Zelda
100 - Could have taken points off for the thesis paragraph phrasing the save technology so vaguley, calling it "revolutionary technical improvements"

**Muguel Kalen Mungcal Alarcon - Space Quest: Chapter I
95 - Lower-quality writing, Some grammatical hiccups and inconsistent tone

**Simon An - Prince of Persia
80 - Italicize game titles

Keep in mind the main argument of this paper is: What did the developers intend to accomplish with this game; what are three features that helped them do this?

In your paper, I think the intention is for the player to feel trapped in a dungeon.

The first body paragraph is explaining the development to me, but doesn't say how the addition of combat supports the feeling of being trapped in a dungeon.

The second body paragraph about the Shadow Man doesn't contribute to the main argument of the essay.

The third paragraph doesn't relate to the main argument of the essay.
- Game Title not italicized
- Second body paragraph about the Shadow Man doesn't contribute to the thesis

**Antonio Andrade - Super Mario Bros.
60 - I cannot tell what the three elements are that contributed to the feel of an "athletic" game
- Varied level elements
- Family friendly? How does this contribute to the athletic thing?
- Would end up being successful? How 
This paper is just written badly. Many sentences take multiple read-throughs to make sense of.
- Missing citations for some claims such as "the commitment that Nintendo required agreements from other developers to be reveiewed before publishing, an agreement only few have gone forward with."
- "Given  the economic climate in America at the time" what economic climate? Describe it?

This is an essay about Super Mario Bros, but does not effectively answer the fundamental question of: What did the developers intend to achieve with this game, and what are three features that helped them do so?

It appears you are saaying the intent of this game was to create an "athletic" feel. I count three supporting features mentioned: THe varied level elements, the family friendly nature, and the second to last paragraph, which is basically a summary of Mario as a successful franchise. It is not clear in your paper how the last two elements contribute to the feel of an "athletic" game, which is ostensibly the goal of Super Mario Bros, according to your paper.

Many sentences take multiple read-throughs to make sense of. 

- Missing citations for some claims such as "the commitment that Nintendo required agreements from other developers to be reveiewed before publishing, an agreement only few have gone forward with."

- "[...] given  the economic climate in America at the time" what economic climate? Describe it?

**Evelyn Aviles - Castlevania
100 - Did the thing, answered the prompt.

**Saif Babar - Super Mario Land
60 - This paper is just describing the gameboy and Super Mario Land to me without actually explaining what Okada wanted to accomplish with the game. 
Structure is terrible, difficult to follow.
This paper doesn't answer the central question of what developers wanted to achieve with Super Mario Land, but does discuss Okada's intent with the GameBoy itself.

**Raquel Baca - The Legend of Zelda
95 - Answers the prompt, but I would have liked more analysis in some of the body paragraphs. The first body paragraph is almost half quotes from Shigeru Miyamoto rather than analysis.

Camden Baldwin - Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
85 - Not focused
Lists several potential goals the developers might have had, and the body paragraphs support multiple of them rather than focusing on one specific developer goal.
This paper lists several potential goals the developers might have had rather than focusing on one specific developer goal. This leads to the body paragraphs mostly being explanations of what the game is like without much in the way of analysis.

**Margaret Barajas - Duck hunt
65 - essay doesn't focus on the core question
Developer Goal: Achieve a more interactive game for players compared to joystick controls.
Why aren't there paragraph breaks in this essay?
Why is so much of this essay either describing the game or describing the process of getting it to work?
Why do you not have a citation supporting your argument about developer intent?

**Karson Baraka - Mega Man 2
95 - Grammar issues, third paragraph doesn't support central argument.
Stated goal: Make a good sequel to Mega Man to prove that it is a series worth paying attention to.
Third paragraph doesn't really support this argument.
Grammatical issues all over this paper.

** Daniel Blank - The Legend of Zleda
90 - Answers the prompt, but lacking in analysis. Each body paragraph is mostly describing a feature and then 1-2 sentences of analysis that attempts to tie it back into the main argument about the 'spirit of exploration' being the intent behind this game.

**Anatnia Boston - Donkey Kong
60 - Bad
This paper mentions multiple developer intentions but seems to focus on the idea of Donkey Kong as a visually told story.
Supporting Features: Multiple varied levels, the visuals in general(?), ???
The paper is missing a quote supporting their thesis.
This paper is confusingly organized, with the core argument and supporting points being shuffled around.

**Emily Broyles - The Zork Anthology
94 - Answers the core question, but is more history than analysis
The second body paragraph is a complete miss. The game being available before its 'official' release does not contribute to the stated developer goal of improving upon the design of Colossal Cave Adventure
The third body paragraph explains why the game was successful compared to its spiritual predecessor, but it does not explain how the increased accessibility helped the developers create a game that improves upon Colossal Cave Adventure.

** Seth Bunton - The Legend of Zelda
95 - 
Good work. Make sure to break your three supporting points into separate paragraphs. In addition, there are some typos that would be cleaned up with a proof-read.

** Michelle Campoy - PAC-MAN
100 - Good Job
Stated Goal: Be an iconic arcade game
Features: Simple loop, fast-pace, simple art

**Ollie Carson - Duck Hunt
98 - Good
Some grammar/syntax errors, such as stating that the different colored ducks have different speeds twice.

**Jason Castro - Suyper Mario Bros. 3
94
Stated Goal: Create a game with depth
Supporting Features: Art Style, Game Mechanics, Map System
-5 No Works Cited page
-1 Not italicizing game titles

**Nurin Chanthai - Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
95 - Pretty Good
Stated Goal: Adapt the novel of the same name, following the humor and worldbuilding while experimenting with difficulty
Supporting Features: Parser world feedback, 

**Milana Chhean - The Legend of Zelda
94 - S'alright
Make sure to italicize game titles every time
How does the control scheem scheme support the stated goal of the game trying to provide a sense of adventure?

**Peter Clyburn - Duck Hunt
100 - Excellent work
Stated Goal: Create a game that appeals to everyone, not just children or tech savvy adults
I think I've just read a paper that exemplifies answering the prompt's question while also weaving in the historical/technical conditions of the time.

Malik Danab - The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

**Sammie Dawson - The Legend of Zelda
90 - Weird features, no italics
Stated Goal: Sense of adventure
Supporting Features: Sound Design (needs more analysis), External Inclusions (the map), Release Date (???????)
I don't think we can call the release date of The Legend of Zelda a 'feature' of the game, although it is an interesting anecdote behind the iconic theme music.

**Christian De Santiago - The Legend of Zelda
94 - Fine, but bloated
Stated Goal: Create a game that provides the players with freedom
Supporting Features: Creative mechanics, detailed level design, unique player progression
Despite naming these three in the first paragraph, this paper also talks about the music, the visuals, its influence on future games, and its critical reception, each with varying levels of relation to the core thesis.

**D'Lee Dillard - Dragon's Lair
97 - Padded and mostly unrelated intro, some awkward wording.
Well-done. Answers the prompt succinctly.
Very long intro with unneccessary backstory

**Isaak Dispensa - Castlevania
100 - Well-organized, detailed, but kind of smells funny
AI RISK
Lots of em-dashes and AI feeling wording like "it was more
than another action-platform game–it was a cinematic experience."
"enduring legacy lies in its balance of art, sound, and gameplay discipline–a
harmony born from limitation"

**Edgar Fausto - Contra
70 - Doesn't ever clearly state a focused thesis, and supporting features are unclear, as many more than three features are described with little analysis.
No clear thesis statement, the middle section is just describing several aspects of Contra without much analysis. 
This paper kind of rambles without a clear structure.

**Jude Favrot - PAC-MAN
85 - This paper answers the prompt, but mostly with descriptions of PAC-MAN in lieu of in-depth analysis. You spend an entire paragraph describing the ghost AI without answering the important question of: "how does the varied ghost AI support the developer's intent to create a non-violent game?"
Also, your citations page is incorrectly formatted and is missing PAC-MAN as a citation.

**Kristen Fazzini - PAC-MAN
100 - fuggin awesome paper. Like the good version of the paper I just read

**Chloe Fore - Galaga
90 - Great work
LATE

**Joshua Forssell - Ninja Gaiden
95 - Clear structure and good arguments, but lacking in analysis. Some grammar issues

**Hunter French - Dragon's Lair: Analysis
92 - Clear thesis, well-written. Perhaps features section could have been made clearer.

**Breanna Frost - The Lgend of Zelda
93 - Grammar issues abound, good otherwise
Instantly the thesis is word soup. 

**Ella Gaupp - Donkey Kong
95 - Really excellent paper, but your citations list is missing the original game!

**Behrouz Ghodsi - Super Mario Bros
95 - Mostly good
The second paragraph is unrelated and actually makes the third paragraph's start more confusing. I think it should have been scrapped, but wasn't because the author realized they didn't employ a real quote from the developer
OK the stuff in the second paragraph is also mentioned in the 'Teaching Without Tutorials' section, which definitely means they are losing points for that. 
There are multiple instances of redundant analysis
Really well-done, but I have to talk about your second paragraph. It feels totally out of place in the intro of this paper, and actually makes the start of the third paragraph more confusing, and led me to think your thesis was going to be that the developer's goal was to make a game that was easy to understand and welcoming to new players. Once I re-read your intro, I realized the thesis was actually defined in the first paragraph, which confused me as to the purpose of the second paragraph. Then, later on in the essay, the info from your second paragraph is repeated in a section about teaching without tutorials, which made it very redundant. Please proof-read your papers before submitting and you'll catch when you are repeating yourself.

Chloe Gore - Metroid
80
This paper fails to employ a quote from a developer of Metroid. Also, the three body paragraphs that describe features of Metroid are not the same that appear in the intro paragraph, which I find confusing. 
Intro Features;
“Narrative tools and an interconnected world”
“Expansive storytelling through ‘show, don’t tell’”
“The explorative aspect of not needing to select levels”
“The grand reveal at the end” (Samus being a woman)
Body paragraph 1:

Dark atmosphere
Sound design
Fear of the unknown

Body paragraph 2:
Seamless exploration
Interconnected world
Backtracking

Body paragraph 3:
Alien influence
Gender subversion
Cultural commentary?

**Breietta Greenwood - Super Mario Bros 2
90 - Your first body paragraph is dedicated to describing the playable characters in Super Mario Bros 2, but doesn't actually analyze why the addition of multiple playable characters supports the goal of of creating an expanded Mario experience. Additionally, your thesis statement about developer intent is missing a citation. 
First body paragraph doesn't analyze shit, just describes the playable characters
Thesis not supported by quote about developer intent

**Martin Hoang - Prince of Persia
85 - Paper only analyzes two features clearly, third feels like an extension of the first adn doesn't appear in the intro.

**Jason Hollander - Metroid
94
- Italicize Game titles

- Please use paragraph breaks

- If you employ examples, like when you discuss the orange bug section, make sure to tie them back into your supporting arguments and thesis. 

**Jayden House - Super Mario Bros 2
65
You are missing a quote to support your thesis about developer intent.
The game itself is not in your citation list.
Your title references Super Mario Bros 2 (1986),  but the SMB2 you write about was released in 1988.
There are NUMEROUS grammatical issues, from run-on sentences to typos, all of which would have been caught in a proof-read of this essay.
Your body paragraphs are unfocused, and the analysis is mostly surface-level.
Missing quote to support thesis about developer intent
First body paragraph shifts from discussing verticality into discussing game difficulty partway through for some reason
Grammatical issues make certain sentences unreadable. PROOFREAD
Why mention Mario and Luigi height difference???????
The super mario bros 2 game that this essay is talking about was not released in 1986, but rather 1988

**Benjamin Hu - The Legend of Zelda
95 - Three supporting features not clearly defined in intro

** Tien Huynh - Super Mario Bros
90 - Your thesis-supporting quote is not from a developer of Super Mario Bros, but rather from some guy on Yahoo named Joe Foley. 
Thesis-supporting quote is not fromp developer, its from a guy on Yahoo
AI RISK
Found this in the citations: tech.yahoo.com/gaming/articles/why-super-mario-bros-still-150039400.html?utm_source=chatgpt.com

**Santiago Sanchez - Castlevania
65 - Not finished
This paper fails to analyze three features, and instead spends the bulk of its time on the weighty, high-committment movement in Castlevania. 
The citations are wrong, as the Shmuplations citation is just a link, not a full citation.
The thesis statement about developer intent comes in near the end of the paper, not in the intro.

**Charlie Ixel - The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
100 - Basically flawless
AI Risk
Smells like AI to me "negotiating with an uncaring universe"
The game remembers language; it does not simply reject it.
The game makes that indifference interactive.
The hardware constraints become aesthetic tools that reinforce disorientation and scale.
** I am very confident this was written with at least the assistance of AI

**Caleb James - The Legend of Zelda
99 - Some grammar issues

**Ana Jimenez - Super Mario Bros 2
94 - Missing supporting quote for thesis

**Trhea Karthigesh - Prince of Persia
98 - Great work! Your supporting quote has more to do with the animation style than the developer's intent to create a cinematic experience, which made that paragraph feel somewhat out-of-place. The animation was a prominent feature of Prince of Persia, but was not one of the three features you outline in your conclusion

**Antonio Killebrew - The Legend of Zelda
95 - 
Well-done! This essay is well-structured and analytical. I was distracted by some of the unprofessional writing (I might even call it cheesey), such as the "Time to get strong and save the world!" at the end of the first body paragraph.

Bro writes like a youtuber - professionalism issues. 

**Luisa Lara - Super Mario Bros 2
100 - No Notes

**Kendon Lopez - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
100

**Kimberly Lopez - PAC-MAN
80 - This one has two thesis statements
Your thesis appears to be that Pac-Man was designed to be addictive. The three supporting features named in your intro, the fast-paced movement, increasing difficulty, and high-stakes gameplay end up not being the focus of your supporting paragraphs, which are about the broadly appealing art style and the power-pellets. You don't actually spend time fleshing out the supporting features named above.

Partway through, your essay shifts into being about the broad appeal, and your supporting quote from IGN works towards that. You don't have a supporting quote about the game being designed to be addictive, even though that is the thesis at the beginning.

Maite Lopez - PAC-MAN
95 - Answers the prompt, but is CLUNKY to read through
"With this idea, the team developed a four-movement system that made the game easy for beginners
and for those intimidated in playing on a more complex control"

Avery Lovett - Super Mario Land
95
Your thesis's supporting argument is from a person representing Tetris, not a developer of Super Mario Land.
The second body paragraph about enemies describes there being new enemies, but doesn't really analyze how their inclusion supports what you describe as the developer's intent to create a smaller Mario game to hook new players into the GameBoy. 





**Ava Willis - Asteroids
95 - Well-written, but doesn't make clear the exact thing the developers wanted to achieve. Three features are all congealed into one mega-paragraph

** 










