Chema Victor Alanis - Horizon Zero Dawn
98/100 - Great work, but the three elements listed in the thesis statement "The game emphasizes [...]" are not the same as the three element paragraphs.

Miguel Alarcon - Epic Mickey: Rebrushed
95 - Elements chosen are somewhat basic, and the first body paragraph is essentially a recap of the game's story with a 'the story is good' at the end

Simon An - Ghost of Yotei
95 - Paper not written that profesionally. I found the conclusion confusing, as the paper is mostly critique until the very end when the author recommends the game. They didn't make a very compelling argument in the game's favor. Did not list who would like the game

Antonio Andrade - ARC Raiders
85 - 3 elements seem to be congealed into one mega-paragraph about three games similar to ARC Raiders without actually defining those elements clearly. Also, one of the elements is only applicable if the player chooses to equip a certain skill from the skill tree system, which not all players will do.

Evelyn Aviles - Terraria
97 - Great write-up on Terraria, but I want these paragraphs separated. Also the intro is very bare.

Saif Babar - Elden Ring
95 - Rather unfocused in the beginning, with a lot of just describing the game
- mecahncis that add "nuisance"?

Raquel Baca - Cooking Mama
100 - Fantastic work! 

Camden Baldwin - Unbeatable
95 - Body paragraphs are a lot of describing the game, but still effective. Final reccommendation goes out very broadly to 'anyone who has money to buy and play the game'

Margaret Barajas - Outlast
88 - Short length, many typos, Lots of filler about the student's backstory with the game and not nearly enough analysis of its elements.

Karson Baraka - Sonic Generations
95 - Strange writing style but I can feel the love for sonic. Some grammatical hiccups and SONIC DOES NOT HAVE R&B IN IT

Daniel Blank - Space Engineers
97 - Big chunky main body paragraph, but the review is thorough.

Antania Boston - Killer Frequency
90 - This one is kind of weird and nonlinear? The recommendation comes at multiple poionts, and the final paragraph is an element, not a real conclusion.

Emily Broyles - Fire Emblem: Three Houses
95 - Good paper no real notes, just not outstanding.

Seth Bunton - Deep Rock galactic
87 - DRG Did not release in 2018, it released in early access in 2018
Below 500 words, many typos, and the three elements aren't defined clearly or composed into three paragraphs.

Michelle Campoy - CONTENT WARNING
95 - Three elements aren't defined clearly.

Ollie Carson - Five Nights at Freddy's 2
96 - Lots of just describing FNAF2, but still a comprehensive review.

Behrouz Ghodsi - Persona 5 Royal
98 - Great paper, kinda apologetic tone about the genre? Qualifies good points by stating that this is difficult in the genre.

Jude Favrot - Deep Rock Galactic
75 - Barely makes word count, and does so with lots of fluff. Only contains three elements? Also, the other elements aren't clearly defined in the paper.